CDS-72565 selecting Tag runtime input (#2885)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/services/create-services.md

   
   ![](./static/services-and-environments-runtime-input-01.png)
2. When you run the pipeline, you can select the service to use.
   
   ![](./static/services-and-environments-runtime-input-02.png)

Now you can provide values for any runtime inputs in the service. Let's go into more detail in the next section.

:::note

For more information on runtime inputs and expressions, go to [Fixed Values, Runtime Inputs, and Expressions](/docs/platform/20_References/runtime-inputs.md).

:::

### Selecting settings when the service is an expression

If you are using a runtime input for the service in a stage, and the service you are going to select has runtime inputs for some of its own settings, you can select inputs for these settings when you select the service in **Run Pipeline**.

Let's look at an example.

Here is a service with an artifact that has runtime inputs for its artifact **Tag** and **Digest** settings.

![picture 0](static/c150c96ef6caae9bd4124fb70d3a8f6550ad7d1f3577c65172c9c2643f1749a4.png)  

Next, when you run a pipeline that has the **Service** setting as a runtime input, you select the service that has runtime inputs for its artifact **Tag** and **Digest** settings.

> As you can see, the artifact **Tag** and **Digest** settings can now be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, you can now select the artifact **Tag** and **Digest** settings.
```
